Many of you had demanded this
video to compare HDFC Ego Optimus Seeker and
ICICI Lombard Health Advantage,
so today I am bringing the same comparison in
front of you and in this comparison
we will talk about what is the difference in the features,
what is the difference in the policies of both,
what is the difference in the pre, so you can
take your call accordingly, you
can take your decision, before starting the video
I
would like to introduce myself, my name is Gurleen Kaur Tikku and
I am a certified financial planner, I
bring videos for you every week so that
your personal financial life becomes easy and
happy because this is also the tagline of our company,
creating welfare
test and quick reminder, if you have
not subscribed to our channel, then
subscribe so that you get the right
information at the right time and if you
find the information useful then you can
also share it with your friends and family,
first we will talk about both, sir,
HDFC Ego in NICR, sir
ICICI Lombard has a claim settlement
ratio of 99.8%.
HDFC EGO has an in-charge claim ratio of 93.14%.
HDFC EGO has an in-charge claim ratio of 73%. ICICI Lombard has a claim
ratio of 78%.
HDFC EGO has approximately 10,000
cashless hospitals. ICICI Lombard has
5,100 cashless hospitals. Talking about TPAs,
both companies have an in-house clean
settlement team. There is
no external third-party administrator. Now, let's talk about the
product specifically. HDFC
EGO vs. ICICI
Lombard Health & Advantage has a minimum term of
₹5 crore. The maximum term of ₹2 crore is ₹3 crore.
In HDFC EGO, the minimum term of ₹5 crore is ₹5 crore. The maximum term of ₹3 crore is ₹
3 crore. The minimum entry age for HDFC
EGO is 91 days. The maximum entry age is 65
years. You can renew the policy lifelong.
In ICICI Lombard also the
minimum entry period is 91 days and the maximum
entry period is 65 years. The policy is
available for 10 years, one year, two year and three years
policy options are available in both the plans.
You can take both types of policies, individual or family floater, in both the companies. We will
talk about the plan type. There are
two types of plans in HDFC Ego Seeker,
which is Seeker and Super Seeker. What happens with Super?
If you want to take a three-year policy, then
Super Seeker is also an option, so you
can do that. There is only one plan in ICICI Lombard, which is
Apex Plus. Now we will talk about
room rent. In HDFC Optima
Seeker, if the policy order is below Rs 50 lakh,
if the amount is less than Rs 50 lakh, then it is single
private one room. If it is more than Rs 50 lakh, then there is no
room rent restriction. There is no
restriction in ICICI Lombard Advantage. You can take any room,
any time by paying above the limit.
Benefit: All the tech care procedures are covered in
HDFC EGO Optimusic and also
in ICICI Lombard Advantage Line.
Refill benefit is refill that if your
base amount gets exhausted then the company
refills your policy with the same
time shot. So in both the policies once your
refill is allowed and you
can do it for anything, for any illness, for any person. There is
no restriction. Pre and post hospitalization is
pre and post hospitalization. You can
claim all your expenses before the hospital. After coming home, you can claim
your care expenses and post hospitalization
expenses.
So your
pre and post hospitalization is
covered in both the plans. Another one is
home treatment. If you want to choose home care
treatment and do not want to go to the hospital, then
also it is covered. In HDFC EGO, the
treatment is covered up to time shot by Lombard.
Advantage 2022 plan has a cover of 5%. Maximum
benefit up to 25000 will be given.
No claim bonus. Take the no claim bonus.
Why should I take it as no claim bonus. There is
no concept of no claim bonus in SDMC organization.
Here the concept is of plus benefit. Plus
benefit is loyalty addition.
Understand that if you continue the policy for 2 more years, then
100% will be added to you 50-50% each year. So
if you have taken a policy of 10 lakhs, then
10 lakhs will be added in the next two years.
This plus benefit is
irrespective of claim, so it has nothing to do with the claim.
In ICC Lover Advantage, if you do not
take a claim, then 20% bonus will be given to you.
Maximum it will go up to 100%. And one more thing,
that is guaranteed negative bonus, so it will
not be reduced if you
take a claim in the future. Emergency road
ambulance. Emergency road ambulance
HDFC EGO  optimusic orbitals cover to
time shot in ICC Lombard it is 1% off
time shot and maximum ₹10000 on hospital
emergency air ambulance air ambulance
is also covered in HDFC EGO Optimus Cover
up to ₹5 lakh there
is no limit in ICICI Lombard Health Advantage discover up to
subed and this is over in de bus shot
means it is based on your problem and the amount of
insurance you take this Rambo
Lets cover modern treatments modern
treatments are covered up to time shot in both the policies
organ donor transplant so
living organ transplant is covered now even the
cost of harvesting is covered
in both the plans OPD
cover is covered in HDFC R to optimusic and
OPD cover is not available
in ICICI Lombard Advantage you can add riders
they have a rider which is be fit
rider so if you want to see the details of be fit rider then a
separate video
is available on our channel you can check out  You can do this by
paying an additional premium and
add Befikre Rider as per your requirement.
AYUSH is Ayurveda, Yoga,
Homeopathy, so its hospitalization is also
covered. Both plans have one
time benefit. If your hospitalization is
more than 10 days, then
a lump sum benefit is given in ICICI Lombard Advantage. There is
no such provision in this. Complimentary wellness test. As
you know, insurance companies
focus on illness. The health
insurance policy they give you also
focuses on wellness. So, they give you a
complimentary wellness test every year.
This is a respect of claim. HDFC RK has
you in Sikar. Depending on the time,
if you take a shot for ₹10, then you can get tests done up to ₹5000.
If you take a shot for 15 days, then
you can get tests done up to ₹8000.
20-25 members  On a 50-lakh plan,
you can get tests done up to Rs 10,000, on a 10-
crore plan, and on a 2-crore plan, you can get tests done up to Rs 15,000 annually.
In ICICI Lombard Health Advantage,
you get 0.5% off on time shot and a maximum of Rs 10,000 can be claimed in a year, and this is cashless only,
not on reimbursement. Consultation
is available at HDFC for 51 critical illnesses. With this,
your
unlimited tele-consultation is available in Lombard Health Advantage, which
you can avail. You can
talk to the doctor for anything over the phone.
Consumable cover, so consumables cover also, you
know, has become very important.
We know that there are many things
which come under non-payable items, so
HDFC EGO Optimusic and other
consumables are inbuilt. There is
cover and belt of consumables in ICICI Lombard
Health Advantage.  You will have to take an additional rider called
claim
protector, by taking that rider you
can cover your consumables, worldwide coverage.
So what happens is that your policy
provides pan India coverage, meaning
you can get treatment anywhere in India, it is
not active outside India,
so HDFC will cover treatment only in India,
we will not cover treatment outside India.
ICICI Lombard Health Advantage: If
you have taken a sum assured of more than Rs 25 lakh, then
you can get treatment anywhere worldwide,
meaning even if you are going outside India
and you need it there, you
can get it done, then
you will have to pay 10%, 90% will be
given by ICICI Lombard Health Advantage policy and
it will be on a cashless basis. Their policy is
international, which you can clean it with the Felt Group there
and the Felt Group will provide
you assistance. Now let's talk about
optional benefits,
what are the optional benefits in these plans, what we have
talked about till now are IMBIL benefits.  The benefits
are already included in the plan, if you
want to add on something then you can add on it.
HDFC optimusic and I have an
optional benefit called health cash benefit which
you can avail, which is
also called daily cash benefit, if a limit is set
for the number of days the hospital stay is
paid out, the
optional benefits in ICICI Lombard are maternity,
newborn baby coverage and newborn baby
's vaccinations for the first year, along with this
you can add time short protector,
which we say that if you
always want to increase according to inflation then you can add that too,
now you can add claim protector
which is a claim protector with consumer benefits cover, it is
weak from debt,
you can also add cover for critical illness, if you have
any critical illness then
that lump sum benefit will be given on the
specified list, now we will talk about
which is their mobile application and how can you use it
How
can you fully utilize all the benefits of your policy?
HDFC Ego Health is the application for
HDFC Ego Optimusic and
for the policy ICICI Lombard Health Advantage,
you can download Ill Take Care
from there and manage your entire policy.
Now let's talk about wellness benefit.
Wellness benefit, as we mentioned,
complimentary wellness test is available
in both the companies. On top of that, there are value
added services which are
available in ICICI Lombard.
You can avail it through Ill Take Care in HDFC. There is
no other extra wellness benefit
apart from complimentary test. Next
is copay payment. There is no copay payment in HDFC. Everything is
covered up to me in
short such people.
But there is an option to make a payment of 10% or 20%.
What will happen with that? Your premium will be
reduced. Next is deductible deductible.
Annual aggregate adductible is the
amount that you pay at any time.  If you do this
before the insurance policy becomes active, then
what happens is that by doing this
your premium gets reduced. So, there are
three reductible options available in HDFC optimusic1.
If you do this, you
get a lifetime discount on the premium. There is
no such option available
in ICICI Lombard Health Advance. Now let's
talk about waiting periods.
What are the waiting periods on this policy? The
initial waiting period is 30 days.
On both the policies, you cannot avail any plan for
hospitalization for 30 days.
Accidental emergency is covered from Devan.
Next is the specified exclusions, which we
also call specific exclusions.
Exclusion of slow growing illnesses, so
for 2 years, slow growing
illnesses are not covered in both the plans for 24 months.
Waiting period on pre-existing diseases.
HDFC optimusic does not cover any illness that you have before taking the policy.
36 marks has a waiting period of
3 years and
24 months for Lombard Advantage, which has a waiting period of 2 years.
Now let's talk about the premium scheme.
Actually, how much does this policy cost?
So here I would like to tell you that there is a
zonal base premium here.
Both have zonal based pricing.
HDFC
will charge more and a little more in zone 2.
But now treatment can be done anywhere
pan India. If you have a zone 2 policy,
you are also getting treatment in zone 1. There is no
restriction. There is no copayment. There is no
supplement. You
can get treatment anywhere. ICICI
Lombard Health Advantage
is divided into three zones as per pricing.
Lombard zone and zone 3. So here, if
you take treatment in a higher zone,
suppose you have paid the premium of zone 2 and
you are taking treatment in zone 1, then there is a
copayment. You have paid the premium of zone 3
and if you are taking treatment in zone 2 or zone 1, then there is a
copayment. So, you can
do zone thing.  You are
in ICICI Advantage but in HDFC Urban
where you are, if you have a valid address
proof then you
can pay the premium accordingly by doing the required thing. So here for premium
reference I have taken a family in which my adult
and two children are John Van's
premium which I am taking is 45, 43, 15
and 12. The premium of fabric loaded plant oil
lux will come. The
premium of HDFC EGO Optimus Seeker is
3852. The premium of ICICI Lombard Health Advantage is
27000 rupees. Here
I would also like to tell you that when the
premium changes, you also have a
question that will the premium increase every year
or will it not increase at all or
when will it increase, so what is HDFC compared to Optima
and it will increase every year, it increases every year
with further and in Ace-Acelumb/
Advantage, there will be an increase on the 5 year ITS lump sum of the
ITS of the highest member.  According to the lab, it will move every five
years, little increase in speed, it's left, so
this was my comparison of HDFC Ego
Optimal Seeker and ICICI Lombard
Health, if you have any questions regarding these plans,
you can ask
in the comment section, you can recharge us,
WhatsApp number, email ID is mentioned,
quick reminder before choosing, if you have
not yet subscribed to our channel, do
subscribe, so that you get the right
information at the right time, like I have just done,
and if you find our video useful,
please share it with your
friends and family, so that they too can make health
and children buying decisions and tomorrow
they too will say thank you to you, let's meet
you next week from now, take care, bye bye,
because
in our ICICI Lombard, there is no room rent, no
room,
because this is important, so
you pay the amount,
whatever your questions